Remove examples, update readme (#205)
run-llama/llama-agents: README.md

# 🦙 `llama_deploy` 🤖

> `llama_deploy` (formally `llama_deploy`) is an async-first framework for deploying, scaling, and productionizing agentic multi-service systems based on [workflows from `llama_index`](https://docs.llamaindex.ai/en/stable/module_guides/workflow/#workflows). With `llama_deploy`, you can build any number of workflows in `llama_index` and then bring them into `llama_deploy` for deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`llama_deploy` (formerly `llama-agents`) is an async-first framework for deploying, scaling, and productionizing agentic multi-service systems based on [workflows from `llama_index`](https://docs.llamaindex.ai/en/stable/understanding/workflows/). With `llama_deploy`, you can build any number of workflows in `llama_index` and then bring them into `llama_deploy` for deployment.
```

> In `llama_deploy`, each workflow is seen as a `service`, endlessly processing incoming tasks. Each workflow pulls and publishes messages from a `message queue`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `llama_deploy`, each workflow is seen as a `service`, endlessly processing incoming tasks. Each workflow pulls and publishes messages to and from a `message queue`.
```

At the top of a `llama_deploy` system is the `control plane`. The control plane handles ongoing tasks, manages state, keeps track of which services are in the network, and also decides which service should handle the next step of a task using an `orchestrator`. The default `orchestrator` is purely programmatic, handling failures, retries, and state-passing.

The overall system layout is pictured below.

![A basic system in llama_deploy](./system_diagram.png)

> ## Wait, where is `llama_deploy` ??

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Wait, where is `llama-agents`?
```

> With the introduction of [Workflows](https://docs.llamaindex.ai/en/stable/module_guides/workflow/#workflows) in `llama_index`, we say this as the most intuitive way to deplop agentic applications. The question then became, how can we close the gap between how you development something, and how you deploy it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The introduction of [Workflows](https://docs.llamaindex.ai/en/stable/module_guides/workflow/#workflows) in `llama_index`produced the most intuitive way to develop agentic applications. The question then became: how can we close the gap between developing an agentic application as a workflow, and deploying it?
```

With `llama_deploy`, the goal is to make it as 1:1 as possible between something that you built in a notebook, and something running on the cloud in a cluster. `llama_deploy` enables this by simply being able to pass in and deploy any workflow.

## Installation

`llama_deploy` can be installed with pip, and relies mainly on `llama_index_core`:

```bash
pip install llama_deploy
```

## Getting Started

> ## High-Level Deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### High-Level Deployment
```
